here we have 2014 Toyota Tundra a new
one here we're putting the bumper on so
I'm going to show you the before picture
here and then all you got to do is take
off the stock bumper all the million
little tiny screws get it off right down
to the frame and I'll be showing you a
picture of the frame here after the
bumpers off in just a moment thank you
okay here we are back with the 2014
tundra the stock bumpers off you can see
how your frame is there my guys putting
the passenger side bracket on there all
you do is we make these bumpers so a
monkey could install them so there it
goes it's on the frame there then you
bolt it down like he's doing and then
you take the bumper and put the bumper
up to the brackets as you can see
there's the inside of the bumper this
particular truck has sensor holes that's
what this hole is here is for and we cut
for you and here's another typical
inside Iron Bowl quality we're the only
company that welds the bumper completely
everyone else stitch welds and press
brakes these are completely welded
inside and out and the next shot you'll
see is of the bumper install of the
truck thank you one another helpful hint
on here you always want to make sure
your brackets are level like this one is
both ways because if they're not then
when you put the bumper on the bumper
will be crooked one way or another and
you can see how we double up these
brackets inside here so you actually got
3/8 plate steel on your brackets there
okay we're continuing
okay here we are back again with the
bumper installed on the 2014 tundra you
can see how much more tire clearance you
gained from that big old stock bumper on
there now you can go through some stuff
without dragging it and destroying that
good old plastic bumper so there's a
good shot of the whole thing there and
the sensor holes we put those in
remember those always got to be filed to
fix we don't ever want to make the hole
too big so we make it too big you can't
file to fit it and then you're in big
trouble there's a nice gap there going
throughout the whole truck there about a
three eights which is what you want
remember the frame and the body flexes
differently so you got to have at least
that
let's get another shot here the whole
thing and there you go
completed this is like the eighth one
brand new 2014 tundra this guy didn't
put a winch in there yet he's just going
to let the air flow go in there or get a
removable receiver hitch I believe
that's what he talked about other than
that that's it thanks for looking